Dual Wielding (#11016)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.txt

* `hand`: list containing an override for the empty hand
    * Is not created automatically, use `InvRef:set_size`
    * Is only used to enhance the empty hand's tool capabilities
* `offhand`: list containing the offhand wielded item.

>     * Will be used for placements and secondary uses if the

Reviewer: Lacks a note similar to above:
```
* Is not created automatically, use `InvRef:set_size`
```

        main hand does not have any node_place_prediction, on_place
        or on_secondary_use callbacks.
    * Is passed to on_place and on_secondary_use callbacks; make sure
        mods are aware of the itemstack not neccessarily being

>         located in the main hand.

Reviewer 2: The offhand can only be used for RMB action, punches are always executed with the main hand, so for `on_punch`, this is expected behavior.

And `on_rightclick` is affected by this PR, I have tested it.

>         located in the main hand.

Reviewer 2: > How can you make this sure in existing mods?

Have a look at the source code, make sure they dont call set_wielded_item based on assumptions.

This is essentially a 'heads up' for game devs / modders / server admins. If they add dual wielding code, they have to make sure that all mods they use are actually compatible, if necessary patching them. Otherwise, things may break.

This is not optimal, but dual wielding is disabled by default for a reason. New features should not be prevented by the possibility of breakage, as long as it's possible to disable the feature.

* `hand`: list containing an override for the empty hand
    * Is not created automatically, use `InvRef:set_size`
    * Is only used to enhance the empty hand's tool capabilities
* `offhand`: list containing the offhand wielded item.
    * Is not created automatically, use `InvRef:set_size`
    * Will be used for placements and secondary uses if the
        main hand does not have any node_place_prediction, on_place
        or on_secondary_use callbacks.
    * Is passed to on_place and on_secondary_use callbacks; make sure
        mods are aware of the itemstack not neccessarily being

>         located in the main hand.

Reviewer 3: quick question: how do mods know which hand the item is in?

I know this is not needed normally (return value will be set), but how does it work otherwise?

Reviewer 2: not at all right now. should i add an argument to the callback?

Reviewer 3: I think it'd be good to implement a `set_offhand_wielded_item` for players and then add a boolean to the relevant callbacks

* `hand`: list containing an override for the empty hand
    * Is not created automatically, use `InvRef:set_size`
    * Is only used to enhance the empty hand's tool capabilities
* `offhand`: list containing the offhand wielded item.
    * Is not created automatically, use `InvRef:set_size`
    * Will be used for placements and secondary uses if the
        main hand does not have any node_place_prediction, on_place
        or on_secondary_use callbacks.
    * Is passed to on_place and on_secondary_use callbacks; make sure
        mods are aware of the itemstack not neccessarily being
        located in the main hand.

>     *  The offhand item cannot have its own range or liquids_pointable,
>         will always reuse the characteristics from the hand item.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    *  The offhand item cannot have its own range or liquids_pointable and
        will always reuse the characteristics from the hand item.
```

* `hand`: list containing an override for the empty hand
    * Is not created automatically, use `InvRef:set_size`
    * Is only used to enhance the empty hand's tool capabilities
* `offhand`: list containing the offhand wielded item.
    * Is not created automatically, use `InvRef:set_size`
    * Will be used for placements and secondary uses if the
        main hand does not have any node_place_prediction, on_place
        or on_secondary_use callbacks.
    * Is passed to on_place and on_secondary_use callbacks; make sure
        mods are aware of the itemstack not neccessarily being
        located in the main hand.

>     *  The offhand item cannot have its own range or liquids_pointable and
>         will always reuse the characteristics from the hand item.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    *  The offhand item cannot have its own range or liquids_pointable.
        The characteristics of the hand item are always used.
```

    * Returns a vector where the function `func` has been applied to each
      component.
* `vector.combine(v, w, func)`:
    * Returns a vector where the function `func` has combined both components of `v` and `w`

>       for each component

Reviewer 3: stray whitespace changes should be avoided

        },

        on_place = function(itemstack, placer, pointed_thing),
        -- When the 'place' key was pressed with the item one of the hands
        -- and a node was pointed at.

>         -- 'itemstack' may be the offhand item iff the main hand has

Reviewer 2: it's not a typo.
iff = 'if, and only if'
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/If_and_only_if

>         -- 'itemstack' may be the offhand item iff the main hand has

Reviewer 4: I have a feeling nobody reading the lua_api.txt file is going to know you meant 'if and only if' I looked at that and though it was a spelling error as well.

>         -- 'itemstack' may be the offhand item iff the main hand has

Reviewer 5: Depends on how familiar the reader is with technical terminology; "iff" is sometimes written in all caps as "IFF" to make it stick out some more. Considering that the Lua API seems to be aimed at beginners to some extent (?) I'd recommend spelling it out here. Would also be somewhat weird if this abbreviation is used only once in the entire doc.

>         -- 'itemstack' may be the offhand item iff the main hand has

Reviewer 6: I'd write it out in full, or find a different way to write it. Relying on idioms like this makes docs harder to read

        },

        on_place = function(itemstack, placer, pointed_thing),

>         -- When the 'place' key was pressed with the item one of the hands

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
        -- When the 'place' key was pressed with the item in one of the hands
```
